_site/README.md, before:

# Phantom-Jekyll-Theme

A Jekyll version of the "Phantom" theme by HTML5 UP.

Phantom by HTML5 UP
html5up.net | @ajlkn
Free for personal and commercial use under the CCA 3.0 license (html5up.net/license)


This is Phantom, a simple design built around a grid of large, colorful, semi-interactive
image tiles (of which you can have as many or as few as you like). Makes use of some
SVG and animation techniques I've been experimenting with on that other project of mine
you may have heard about (https://carrd.co), and includes a handy generic page for whatever.

Demo images* courtesy of Unsplash, a radtastic collection of CC0 (public domain) images
you can use for pretty much whatever.

(* = not included)

AJ
aj@lkn.io | @ajlkn


Credits:

	Demo Images:
		Unsplash (unsplash.com)

	Icons:
		Font Awesome (fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome)

	Other:
		jQuery (jquery.com)
		html5shiv.js (@afarkas @jdalton @jon_neal @rem)
		Misc. Sass functions (@HugoGiraudel)
		Respond.js (j.mp/respondjs)
		Skel (skel.io)

Commit message:

Fixes Google Fonts loading on GitHub pages

_site/README.md, after:

# "Phantom" Jekyll Theme

A Jekyll version of the "Phantom" theme by HTML5 UP.

![alt text](images/phantom.jpg "Phantom Theme")

# How to Use

Simply fork this repository and start editing the `_config.yml` file!

For those unfamiliar with how Jekyll works, check out [https://jekyllrb.com/](https://jekyllrb.com/) for all the details, or read up on just the basics of [front matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/frontmatter/), [writing posts](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/posts/), and [creating pages](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/pages/).

# Credits

Original README from HTML5 UP:

```
Phantom by HTML5 UP
[html5up.net](html5up.net) | @ajlkn
Free for personal and commercial use under the CCA 3.0 license ([html5up.net/license](html5up.net/license))


This is Phantom, a simple design built around a grid of large, colorful, semi-interactive
image tiles (of which you can have as many or as few as you like). Makes use of some
SVG and animation techniques I've been experimenting with on that other project of mine
you may have heard about (https://carrd.co), and includes a handy generic page for whatever.

Demo images* courtesy of Unsplash, a radtastic collection of CC0 (public domain) images
you can use for pretty much whatever.

(* = not included)

AJ
aj@lkn.io | @ajlkn


Credits:

	Demo Images:
		Unsplash (unsplash.com)

	Icons:
		Font Awesome (fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome)

	Other:
		jQuery (jquery.com)
		html5shiv.js (@afarkas @jdalton @jon_neal @rem)
		Misc. Sass functions (@HugoGiraudel)
		Respond.js (j.mp/respondjs)
		Skel (skel.io)
```
